MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Mike Bollinger

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

## Additional Disclaimers

This repository is a scientific product and is not official communication of 
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or the United States 
Department of Commerce. All NOAA GitHub project code is provided on an 'as is' 
basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use. Any claims against the 
Department of Commerce or Department of Commerce bureaus stemming from the use 
of this GitHub project will be governed by all applicable Federal law. Any 
reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service 
mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their 
endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Department of Commerce. The 
Department of Commerce seal and logo, or the seal and logo of a DOC bureau, 
shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product 
or activity by DOC or the United States Government.
